com/example/musicplayer/fragment/PlayBarFragment.java
 com.example.musicplayer.fragment.PlayBarFragment
 com.example.musicplayer.fragment.PlayBarFragment$1
 com.example.musicplayer.fragment.PlayBarFragment$HomeReceiver
com/example/musicplayer/adapter/ChooseDirAdapter.java
 com.example.musicplayer.adapter.ChooseDirAdapter
 com.example.musicplayer.adapter.ChooseDirAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/musicplayer/util/CustomAttrValueUtil.java
 com.example.musicplayer.util.CustomAttrValueUtil
com/example/musicplayer/activity/BaseActivity.java
 com.example.musicplayer.activity.BaseActivity
com/example/musicplayer/activity/PlayBarBaseActivity.java
 com.example.musicplayer.activity.PlayBarBaseActivity
com/example/musicplayer/activity/ChooseDirActivity.java
 com.example.musicplayer.activity.ChooseDirActivity
 com.example.musicplayer.activity.ChooseDirActivity$1
com/example/musicplayer/util/MyMusicUtil.java
 com.example.musicplayer.util.MyMusicUtil
com/example/musicplayer/util/SelectorUtil.java
 com.example.musicplayer.util.SelectorUtil
com/example/musicplayer/entity/FolderInfo.java
 com.example.musicplayer.entity.FolderInfo
 com.example.musicplayer.entity.FolderInfo$1
com/example/musicplayer/entity/PlayListInfo.java
 com.example.musicplayer.entity.PlayListInfo
 com.example.musicplayer.entity.PlayListInfo$1
com/example/musicplayer/activity/LastMyloveActivity.java
 com.example.musicplayer.activity.LastMyloveActivity
 com.example.musicplayer.activity.LastMyloveActivity$1
 com.example.musicplayer.activity.LastMyloveActivity$UpdateReceiver
com/example/musicplayer/util/Constant.java
 com.example.musicplayer.util.Constant
com/example/musicplayer/fragment/SingleFragment.java
 com.example.musicplayer.fragment.SingleFragment
 com.example.musicplayer.fragment.SingleFragment$1
 com.example.musicplayer.fragment.SingleFragment$2
 com.example.musicplayer.fragment.SingleFragment$UpdateReceiver
com/example/musicplayer/adapter/HomeListViewAdapter.java
 com.example.musicplayer.adapter.HomeListViewAdapter
 com.example.musicplayer.adapter.HomeListViewAdapter$1
 com.example.musicplayer.adapter.HomeListViewAdapter$2
 com.example.musicplayer.adapter.HomeListViewAdapter$Holder
com/example/musicplayer/activity/HomeActivity.java
 com.example.musicplayer.activity.HomeActivity
 com.example.musicplayer.activity.HomeActivity$1
 com.example.musicplayer.activity.HomeActivity$FloatingReceiver
com/example/musicplayer/entity/ThemeInfo.java
 com.example.musicplayer.entity.ThemeInfo
 com.example.musicplayer.entity.ThemeInfo$1
com/example/musicplayer/database/DBManager.java
 com.example.musicplayer.database.DBManager
com/example/musicplayer/entity/SingerInfo.java
 com.example.musicplayer.entity.SingerInfo
 com.example.musicplayer.entity.SingerInfo$1
com/example/musicplayer/view/AddPlaylistWindow.java
 com.example.musicplayer.view.AddPlaylistWindow
 com.example.musicplayer.view.AddPlaylistWindow$1
 com.example.musicplayer.view.AddPlaylistWindow$2
 com.example.musicplayer.view.AddPlaylistWindow$3
 com.example.musicplayer.view.AddPlaylistWindow$Adapter
 com.example.musicplayer.view.AddPlaylistWindow$Adapter$1
 com.example.musicplayer.view.AddPlaylistWindow$Adapter$Holder
com/example/musicplayer/activity/PlaylistActivity.java
 com.example.musicplayer.activity.PlaylistActivity
 com.example.musicplayer.activity.PlaylistActivity$1
 com.example.musicplayer.activity.PlaylistActivity$2
 com.example.musicplayer.activity.PlaylistActivity$3
 com.example.musicplayer.activity.PlaylistActivity$UpdateReceiver
com/example/musicplayer/adapter/AlbumAdapter.java
 com.example.musicplayer.adapter.AlbumAdapter
 com.example.musicplayer.adapter.AlbumAdapter$1
 com.example.musicplayer.adapter.AlbumAdapter$OnItemClickListener
 com.example.musicplayer.adapter.AlbumAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/musicplayer/adapter/DividerItemDecoration.java
 com.example.musicplayer.adapter.DividerItemDecoration
com/example/musicplayer/view/ScanView.java
 com.example.musicplayer.view.ScanView
 com.example.musicplayer.view.ScanView$ScanThread
com/example/musicplayer/view/LyricView.java
 com.example.musicplayer.view.LyricView
 com.example.musicplayer.view.LyricView$LrcTask
 com.example.musicplayer.view.LyricView$OnClickListener
com/example/musicplayer/activity/PlayActivity.java
 com.example.musicplayer.activity.PlayActivity
 com.example.musicplayer.activity.PlayActivity$1
 com.example.musicplayer.activity.PlayActivity$2
 com.example.musicplayer.activity.PlayActivity$3
 com.example.musicplayer.activity.PlayActivity$PlayReceiver
com/example/musicplayer/receiver/PlayerManagerReceiver.java
 com.example.musicplayer.receiver.PlayerManagerReceiver
com/example/musicplayer/adapter/FolderAdapter.java
 com.example.musicplayer.adapter.FolderAdapter
 com.example.musicplayer.adapter.FolderAdapter$OnItemClickListener
 com.example.musicplayer.adapter.FolderAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/musicplayer/entity/AlbumInfo.java
 com.example.musicplayer.entity.AlbumInfo
 com.example.musicplayer.entity.AlbumInfo$1
com/example/musicplayer/util/MyApplication.java
 com.example.musicplayer.util.MyApplication
com/example/musicplayer/entity/LrcRow.java
 com.example.musicplayer.entity.LrcRow
com/example/musicplayer/view/MusicPopMenuWindow.java
 com.example.musicplayer.view.MusicPopMenuWindow
 com.example.musicplayer.view.MusicPopMenuWindow$1
 com.example.musicplayer.view.MusicPopMenuWindow$2
 com.example.musicplayer.view.MusicPopMenuWindow$3
 com.example.musicplayer.view.MusicPopMenuWindow$OnDeleteUpdateListener
com/example/musicplayer/util/ShutdownThread.java
 com.example.musicplayer.util.ShutdownThread
com/example/musicplayer/view/CustomDividerView.java
 com.example.musicplayer.view.CustomDividerView
com/example/musicplayer/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.musicplayer.BuildConfig
com/example/musicplayer/adapter/RecyclerViewAdapter.java
 com.example.musicplayer.adapter.RecyclerViewAdapter
 com.example.musicplayer.adapter.RecyclerViewAdapter$OnItemClickListener
 com.example.musicplayer.adapter.RecyclerViewAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/musicplayer/fragment/CustomFragment.java
 com.example.musicplayer.fragment.CustomFragment
com/example/musicplayer/view/PlayingPopWindow.java
 com.example.musicplayer.view.PlayingPopWindow
 com.example.musicplayer.view.PlayingPopWindow$1
 com.example.musicplayer.view.PlayingPopWindow$2
 com.example.musicplayer.view.PlayingPopWindow$Adapter
 com.example.musicplayer.view.PlayingPopWindow$Adapter$1
 com.example.musicplayer.view.PlayingPopWindow$Adapter$ViewHolder
com/example/musicplayer/fragment/SingerFragment.java
 com.example.musicplayer.fragment.SingerFragment
 com.example.musicplayer.fragment.SingerFragment$1
com/example/musicplayer/fragment/AlbumFragment.java
 com.example.musicplayer.fragment.AlbumFragment
 com.example.musicplayer.fragment.AlbumFragment$1
com/example/musicplayer/activity/ThemeActivity.java
 com.example.musicplayer.activity.ThemeActivity
 com.example.musicplayer.activity.ThemeActivity$ThemeAdapter
 com.example.musicplayer.activity.ThemeActivity$ThemeAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/musicplayer/fragment/FolderFragment.java
 com.example.musicplayer.fragment.FolderFragment
 com.example.musicplayer.fragment.FolderFragment$1
com/example/musicplayer/util/UpdateUIThread.java
 com.example.musicplayer.util.UpdateUIThread
com/example/musicplayer/adapter/PlaylistAdapter.java
 com.example.musicplayer.adapter.PlaylistAdapter
 com.example.musicplayer.adapter.PlaylistAdapter$OnItemClickListener
 com.example.musicplayer.adapter.PlaylistAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/musicplayer/receiver/HeadsetReceiver.java
 com.example.musicplayer.receiver.HeadsetReceiver
 com.example.musicplayer.receiver.HeadsetReceiver$HeadsetTimerTask
com/example/musicplayer/util/ChineseToEnglish.java
 com.example.musicplayer.util.ChineseToEnglish
com/example/musicplayer/activity/LocalMusicActivity.java
 com.example.musicplayer.activity.LocalMusicActivity
 com.example.musicplayer.activity.LocalMusicActivity$MyAdapter
com/example/musicplayer/util/LogHelper.java
 com.example.musicplayer.util.LogHelper
com/example/musicplayer/activity/ModelActivity.java
 com.example.musicplayer.activity.ModelActivity
 com.example.musicplayer.activity.ModelActivity$1
 com.example.musicplayer.activity.ModelActivity$2
 com.example.musicplayer.activity.ModelActivity$3
 com.example.musicplayer.activity.ModelActivity$ModelAdapter
 com.example.musicplayer.activity.ModelActivity$ModelAdapter$1
 com.example.musicplayer.activity.ModelActivity$ModelAdapter$2
 com.example.musicplayer.activity.ModelActivity$ModelAdapter$ViewHolder
 com.example.musicplayer.activity.ModelActivity$OnItemClickListener
 com.example.musicplayer.activity.ModelActivity$UpdateReceiver
com/example/musicplayer/activity/ScanActivity.java
 com.example.musicplayer.activity.ScanActivity
 com.example.musicplayer.activity.ScanActivity$1
 com.example.musicplayer.activity.ScanActivity$2
com/example/musicplayer/view/MyViewPager.java
 com.example.musicplayer.view.MyViewPager
com/example/musicplayer/activity/WelcomeActivity.java
 com.example.musicplayer.activity.WelcomeActivity
 com.example.musicplayer.activity.WelcomeActivity$1
com/example/musicplayer/database/DatabaseHelper.java
 com.example.musicplayer.database.DatabaseHelper
com/example/musicplayer/service/MusicPlayerService.java
 com.example.musicplayer.service.MusicPlayerService
com/example/musicplayer/adapter/SingerAdapter.java
 com.example.musicplayer.adapter.SingerAdapter
 com.example.musicplayer.adapter.SingerAdapter$OnItemClickListener
 com.example.musicplayer.adapter.SingerAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/musicplayer/entity/MusicInfo.java
 com.example.musicplayer.entity.MusicInfo
 com.example.musicplayer.entity.MusicInfo$1
com/example/musicplayer/view/SideBar.java
 com.example.musicplayer.view.SideBar
 com.example.musicplayer.view.SideBar$OnTouchingLetterChangedListener
